https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.Web%2FsiteSkip to main content

 Azure

Sign in
Chat with sales
Azure Pipelines
Continuously build, test, and deploy to any platform and cloud.

Start free Start free with GitHub
Overview
Free account
Get cloud-hosted pipelines for Linux, macOS, and Windows. Build web, desktop and mobile applications. Deploy to any cloud or on‑premises.
Automate your builds and deployments with Pipelines so you spend less time with the nuts and bolts and more time being creative.



Any language, any platform
Build, test, and deploy Node.js, Python, Java, PHP, Ruby, C/C++, .NET, Android, and iOS apps. Run in parallel on Linux, macOS, and Windows.


Containers and Kubernetes
Easily build and push images to container registries like Docker Hub and Azure Container Registry. Deploy containers to individual hosts or Kubernetes.


Extensible
Explore and implement a wide range of community-built build, test, and deployment tasks, along with hundreds of extensions from Slack to SonarCloud.


Deploy to any cloud
Implement continuous delivery (CD) of your software to any cloud, including Azure, AWS, and GCP. Visualize deployment to any number of interdependent stages.


Free for open source
Ensure fast continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines for every open source project. Get 10 free parallel jobs with unlimited build minutes for all open source projects.


Advanced workflows and features
Take advantage of easy build chaining and multi-phased builds. Support for YAML, test integration, release gates, reporting—and more.

GitHub user? You’re covered.
Build, test, and deploy everything you create on GitHub. Get fast, reliable builds on all platforms through deep integration with GitHub pull requests, checks, and statuses.

GitHub Marketplace

Build and deploy faster with Pipelines
Linux, macOS, and Windows agents—hosted by Microsoft
Simplify managing hardware and VMs by using Microsoft cloud-hosted agents. Get full CI/CD pipeline support for every major platform and tool.



Powerful workflows with native container support
Get lightning fast builds with parallel jobs and test execution. Use container jobs to create consistent and reliable builds with the exact tools you need. Create new containers with ease and push them to any registry.

Flexible deployments to Kubernetes, serverless, or VMs
Deploy to Kubernetes, VMs, Azure Functions, Azure Web Apps, or any cloud. Use stages, gates, and approvals to create a deployment strategy that’s right for you and ensures quality at every step. Even deploy from other CI systems, like Jenkins.


Comprehensive security and compliance, built in
Microsoft invests more than $1 billion annually on cybersecurity research and development.

We employ more than 3,500 security experts who are dedicated to data security and privacy.

Learn more about security on Azure
Open source projects
10 Free
10 Free

Parallel jobs with unlimited minutes per month

Start free
Microsoft-hosted CI/CD
1 Free
1 Free

Parallel job with up to 1,800 minutes per month

$40 per each parallel job with unlimited minutes

Start free
Self-hosted CI/CD
1 Free
1 Free

Parallel job with unlimited minutes per month

Then $15 per extra parallel job

Start free
Learn more about pricing
Get started with an Azure free account
1


Start free. Get $200 credit to use within 30 days. While you have your credit, get free amounts of many of our most popular services, plus free amounts of 55+ other services that are always free.
2


After your credit, move to pay as you go to keep building with the same free services. Pay only if you use more than your free monthly amounts.

3


After 12 months, you'll keep getting 55+ always-free services—and still pay only for what you use beyond your free monthly amounts.

"Pandas is a community-maintained project, and Azure Pipelines lets me be more efficient at reviewing pull requests and contributions. It automatically tests the pandas code on Windows, Linux and Mac, and I can see results in one place. If the tests fail for a pull request, I can just tell the contributor to "ping me on green"."
Jeff Reback, maintainer of the Pandas project
How we use Azure Pipelines
See how the .NET infrastructure team at Microsoft relies on Azure Pipelines to run millions of automated tests a day for the .NET framework open source project. Learn how the team streamlined collaboration with the open source community through shared tooling and moving to a single CI system that powers all their builds for Windows, Linux, and Mac.

Read the story

Ready when you are—let's set up your Azure free account
Try Azure for free
Additional Navigation
Get the Azure mobile app
Explore Azure
Products and pricing
Solutions and support
Partners
Resources
Cloud computing
Change language

English (US)
Your Privacy Choices
Diversity and Inclusion
Accessibility
Privacy & Cookies
Data Protection Notice
Trademarks
Terms of use
Privacy Data Management
Contact us
Feedback
Sitemap
© Microsoft 2023 az ad sp create-for-rbac --name "myML" --role contributor --scopes /subscriptions/<subscription-id>/resourceGroups/<group-rizqshopd@googlegroups.com> --sdk-auth
